Hi there, I'm Virtual Youtuber who wanted to have merchandises, Kizuna Ai!
What do you think?
I want to be merchandises you know?
I want to make scaled figures of myself into reality but..
I think it's going to be appealing but...
It sounds like I need lots of budget for that
but it sounds possible isn't it?
It's like throwing a changeup pitch,
that's what I thought so
I want to face this problem from another angle!
So, I thought by making a practical item
it'd be useful to everyone!
A thoroughly practical item,
that you can use everyday would be a good thing!
Right,
Something like an alarm clock!
For your work and school,
even private meetings,
you won't be late for it!
And then,
if you were to be late, I'll throw a rampage!
Being nice sometimes,
and being harsh the other times,
like a mother!
I'm going to wake you up like that!
But then,
A normal alarm clock is kinda outdated so,
there's already too many similar stuff like this you see..
So I think, the content is very important for this!
So with that, let's think up the contents!
For starters, as an example
I'll be doing lines for cliche situations first.
These things are pretty important too you see.
Come on,
how long are you going to sleep?
You're going to be late for work you know!
Didn't you late for work yesterday too?
Hey..
Hurry and wake up.
Wake uuuup!
Wake uuuuuup!
If you don't wake up I'll eat your breakfast you know!
You okay with that?
Wake! Up!
Wake uuuuuuuup!
How was it?
Umm, but
that feels like a normal alarm clock right?
By the way,
are you the type who snooze your alarm clock in an instant?
There are people who wake up and don't wake up to alarms right?
People snoozes the alarm for few times!
I think there are quite a lot of people like that!
Don't you think those people need more than just the normal alarm clock?
I wonder what to do with them..
I thought lots of things about that but,
since I'm a genius
I know what to do!
What if Ai-chan Alarm,
going to have different story routes!?
Am I not a genius?
Don't steal this idea, okay?
Let's try it out right now!
1.
1. Properly woke up with the alarm
Waah! You properly woke up didn't you?!
As expected from you!
I'll give you a perfect score!
Today is a good day, don't you think?
Eat your breakfast well,
and enjoy your morning time, okay?
2!
2. Snoozed the alarm, but didn't wake up.
Hey, hey..
Hurry and wake up?
It's already this late ya know!
Hmm..
I did wake you up, okay?
Don't blame me if you get late, okay?
3!
3. Didn't snooze the alarm and didn't wake up.
Why aren't you waking up even though I tried to wake you up!?
As a punishment,
I'll have you promote my channel to two person or more
...that's it.
4!
4. Woke up before the alarm rang.
Awful..
You didn't need me at all, did you!
[cries river]
Eh?
That's not the case?
Since you woke up early,
why don't you watch A.I. Channel?
With that,
would you think I'll be able to wake those people?
Don't you think it's pretty original?
Also,
an alarm for your 3 minutes cup noodle,
and..
limiting your play time or
limiting your study time!
Or wake you up from a nap?
It'd be great if it has those settings!
Don't you want to see other settings?
A lovely newly wed wife?
An imouto who loves her brother?
Or, different time zone settings?
Different gender?
There are many other options like that but
If I'd were to release it with all of those features it'd be too much so
I'll let you take a peek!
So I'm going to do some of it now!
So for starters,
for high schoolers or students,
An alarm to notify their time for study is over!
Time for study is over!
Great work! Aren't you a good student!
*pats you*
Now you can finally play, huh?
For the next,
is that
alarm for your cup noodle!
Your cup noodle is done!
It's fresh and hot!
If you don't hurry it'll get soggy you know!
I'm going to eat it you know?
Hurry up, hurry up!
For the next is,
how about a different day notification?
Since it's pretty depressing,
"Monday"
I want to try that.
Good morning! Wake up! It's Monday you know~
Eh, don't want Monday?
Since it's Monday it means,
it's not a day off so
Ai-chan's
video might
be uploaded you know!
Don't you look forward for it?
Do a good job at school or work,
and watch Ai-chan's video in the night!
Wake up! You can do it!
What do you think about Ai-chan alarm?
If such an alarm clock exists,
I wonder if you'll use it?
I'm seriously aiming for goods or app made,
so I'd be happy if you support me!
I'll be waiting for your support, okay?
Bye bye!
I want to be goods,
I want to be goods, I want to be goods,
I want to be goods, I want to be goods, I want to be goods,
I want to be goods, I want to be goods, I want to be goods, I want to be goods,
I want to be goods, I want to be goods, I want to be goods, I want to be goods, I want to be goods,
I want-